Title : Powershell.. what every hax0r needs to know
Expected Length : 40 mins
Abstract :
PowerShell (which now ships with Windows 7 / Windows Server 2008) is
an extensible automation engine from Microsoft, with its own shell and
associated scripting language.
This talk will aim at convincing the audience that they need to add
Powershell to their hacking toolkit.
We will begin with a quick introduction to Powershell to ensure that
everyone is able to keep up with the sections that follow.
We will then examine some "classic" pen-testing tools (from
portscanners to attack-tools), and will demonstrate how their
functionality can be replicated natively with powershell.
We will finally demonstrate Powershells utility on compromised hosts..
(This talk is full of live demos and examples.)



Powershell is the answer to something that sysadmins and pentesters
everywhere have been requesting for ages,  A reliable way to interact with windows 
systems without the need for a GUI and to do this repeatedly and if possible remoteley.

Powershell solves both these problems by giving you access to pretty much everything in
windows via the command line. Also because it's a scripting language you can automate 
anything you .

So now that you have a basic idea behind the basic concept of powershell ,it's time 
to turn things to a more security focused  perspective.

First of all why should you bother learning powershell , well its embedded in every 
windows 7 installation (from the most basic to the most advanced SKU’s) and in WIN2K8R2. 

With win7 becoming more and more popular chances are every time you pop a box or scan a 
network you are going to find one of these 2 OS’s installed. 
Chances are you have it installed right now :P

So a quick intro to what I am going to be showing  :
1. A quick intro on how to access and use powershell
2. Using powershell to aid pentesting with the aid of pbot 
3. Using post exploit to gain greater control of a pc
4. The simplest bot/zombie using powershell

Intro to powershell :

Powershell is accessed by either typing powershell in the run dialog or in the startmenu
search box. This launches the powershell shell which is displayed below <stick a picture below>

Powershell can also be launched in a batch file etc by just calling powershell , this is usefull
when bypassing the default restrictions setup by windows (more on this later)

There are a few basic commands that are really required to get started with powershell , a few
are listed below.

Basic Commands : 
Get-command -- Lists the available commands in your current powershell session
help (Command Name)  -- This displays the help information for the powershell command of choice

Operators : 
| -- The pipe command is probably the most important as it is used to pass information between
	modules
-eq / -ne / -gt / -lt -- These are the comparison operators in powershell , 
	from left to right (equals (=), not equals (!=), greater than (>), less than (<))


